Spørgsmål:
- What is your overall impression?
Content is key
NEeds to be fun
look nice and inviting
Content needs to be nice otherwise design does not matter
- How reliable do you find the site?
Want it to be from an official organisation, to udnerstand who is realiable
This is the authors, about us, little badges saying i.e. this was approved by xyz organisation.
- What was good?
Join dk tile, let through the process, information is out there but not like this
- What would change (and how)?
- What did you think of the difference between accommodation and culture?
Keep it to one page, to keep it in a consistent way, when it is necessary to have a quick overview
- What did you think of the first question in Culture compared to the other two?
Did not like to scroll
Read more - confusion about what links are in the app and which are sending you somewhere else, might be too many clicks
- What did you think of the public sector category?
	- Follow up with a question of having multiple sub categories under a main.
- What do you think was missing?


Design:
no colors - very dull, needs to be more catchy.
font - hard to read, pictures makes it harder to read
bar - settings and home are on the same level
- if it was centered it would be more intuitive
Walkthrough of the app when you first open it
More information in join dk
CPR - link to get there, opening hours etc. whatever you can have doubts about
Order of things - very important, need to have trust in the order of things i.e. in JoinDK
Timeline with stuff i.e. cpr need to be here 
A last step i.e. now you have done all the paperwork here is some fun
Accommodation - crosslink between the tiles
Transportation - not culture 
Language school - has its own tile or maybe education tile, studying and learning in general
Culture - events, summer activities, what to do on a rainy day etc., some facts about danes
Public sector - sounds like high level stuff, scares of the user
some info about the tiles
Accommodation si exactly as she would expect
Insurance as a whole topic
A starting screen, like hi welcome to denmark, small danish easter eggs
The starter tile is a bit confusing as it is on the same level
visual aid going to taxes
THe search for a new user might not be that necessary as they do not know what the different things like cpr and su are.

